README.md, before:

Planning

Start with declaring the deck, dealer, and player variables. Possibly a message varibale at the beginning or wait and do that later when necessary. 

Start with writing the functions for the Deal, hit, stand.

Deal will be tied to a button that randomly picks through the deck of cards and then will end up dealing two initial cards to start.

the deal button will also just give the 'dealer' two cards to begin. but they would be face down.

animations should be after thought.

get the buttons linked and start writing functions for the buttons. 

dont touch css until the engine is revin 




Hit will be a similar function picking randomly from the 'deck' and will give you a new card.

Stand will just progress the action of the turn. so the dealer would then finish the turn when the stand button is pressed.

maybe make it text based and then float the images in..

aces are going to be interesting

for loop to do the hand selection for the player and dealer

else if statements to determine what message shows up when the card values are determined. use value variables determine modul messages

not sure how to streamline the values. 

make it so I'm not writing out a million values. have to come back to that

Commit message:

Plan inside READ.me with some html and javascript done

README.md, after:

Planning


declare variables like deck, players hand and dealers hand. Use arrays so that you can go through the 

need a newGame function

need a drawCard function

need a hit function

need a stand function

need a handValue function

need a endGame function

Start with declaring the deck, dealer, and player variables. Possibly a message varibale at the beginning or wait and do that later when necessary. 



Deal will be tied to a button that randomly picks through the deck of cards and then will end up dealing two initial cards to start.

the deal button will also just give the 'dealer' two cards to begin. but only one will be visible.

animations should be after thought.

get the buttons linked and start writing functions for the buttons. 

dont touch css until the engine is revin 




Hit will be a similar function picking randomly from the 'deck' and will give you a new card.

Stand will just progress the action of the turn. so the dealer would then finish the turn when the stand button is pressed.

maybe make it text based and then float the images in..

aces are going to be interesting

for loop to do the hand selection for the player and dealer

else if statements to determine what message shows up when the card values are determined. use value variables determine modul messages

write a function for end of game values when the player presses hit button

write a function to check if the end of the game is determined 

if dealer is less than 17 then they need to continue to hit. 

assign value to facecards but can let the actual number of lower cards just equal their value
